First Commit

This is just me following ThinMatrix's Java 3d game tutorial in Mirah.  I'm getting to know Java and Mirah in finer detail as I go.

Future
======

I have a few gameplay concepts I'm toying with, but I'm no artist, so all characters may just be simple shapes with bad textures by the time I get to gameplay.  I'm thinking overhead style roque-like with elements of Dark Souls (something akin to the Bonfire style save points and experience as currency the way Souls are used), Parasite Eve like ranged combat (gameplay pauses while you select your attack and choose between enemies within range of that attack), and Zelda-esque melee combat.  I'd also like to be able to queue actions and record macros of action cues.  I want the challenge of the game to be independent of the player's reaction time and fine motor skills.  Anyone should be able to play the role of a character with super-human agility even if they themselves are physically handicapped.  By design, this would make multiplayer impractical because of all the pausing whenever someone wants to do something other than swing a sword.

I like that saving/resting at a bonfire in Dark Souls resets all enemies.  This means that if you're having a hard time getting from one bonfire to the next without dying, you're going to continue to have a hard time until you get better at not dying.  And, like in Dark Souls, I entend to use one pool of something like Souls for experience and currency, but also mana (Dark Souls has a D&D like set number of spell uses per rest period, but I'd rather make spell usage depend on this pool of energy you get from killing things).  You want to use a spell?  You have to have killed something, or a few things, already to use it, and it takes away from what you're trying to save up in order to upgrade yourself.  And if you die, you have to go retrieve all the ExpManaGold from where you died cause you'll be back down to zero when you respawn at the savepoint. If enemies were to use the same system, it would mean some of them will be worth fewer ExpManaGold the longer you take to defeat them.  You just take whatever they have left by the time they die.  I would have some method of storing ExpManaGold.  This would help if you're in a tight spot and you need to farm a bit to be able to carry on.  Of course, you want to have at-risk ExpManaGold with you for use of Magic and special skills.  It may end up being ExpManaGoldFood if I keep thinking about it.  Perhaps a slow drain on ExpManaGold if you don't eat for too long?  Hunger won't kill you, but it will add to the ExpManaGold management difficulty.  I'd hook hunger to distance moved as opposed to time because I don't want it to be about how fast and agile you are in real life.  Healing yourself without healing items would use ExpManaGold, as well.  I would want to use it to boost attacks.  Wouldn't be worth it for lesser enemies as it would cost more than you would gain.

More thoughts to come.